[0:00-10:00]
This song contains a male voice talking when someone starts playing a melody in the lower mid-range on a flute. This is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a simple beat. A shaker is used in the background. There are no other instruments in this song. This song may be playing in a wildlife documentary. 
 
[10:00-20:00]
This song features a male voice rapping the lyrics. Female voices sing backing vocals in between lines. This is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a trap beat. The bass plays a groovy bassline by sliding to notes rather than pausing in between notes. A synth plays a melody in the background. This song can be played in a crime movie. 
 
[20:00-30:00]
This song contains a digital drum playing a melody along with a synth bass sound. A male voice is singing in a higher key. Then a male voice starts rapping. This song may be playing in a club. 
 
[30:00-40:00]
This song features a male voice singing the main melody. Other male voices sing backing vocals in between lines. This is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a simple beat. The bass plays the root notes of the chords. A shaker plays a repetitive melody in the background. There are no other instruments in this song. This song can be played in a club. 
 
[40:00-50:00]
This song contains digital drums playing along with a male voice singing in a higher key while a synth bass sound is playing a melody along with an e-guitar strumming chords. Another male voice starts rapping with a lot of reverb. This song may be playing in a club. 
 
[50:00-60:00]
This song contains a digital drum playing a melody along with a synth bassline. A male voice is singing in a higher register. Then another male voice starts rapping with a lot of reverb. This song may be playing in a club. 
 
[60:00-70:00]
This song features a male voice singing the main melody. Female voices sing backing vocals in between lines. This is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a simple beat. The bass plays the root notes of the chords. A shaker plays a melody in the background. There are no other instruments in this song. This song can be played in a club. 
 
[70:00-80:00]
This song contains a male voice talking over a melody in the mid- to higher register. In the background you can hear a digital drum playing along with a shaker. Then the song breaks into the next part and a e-guitar comes in. This song may be playing in a wildlife documentary. 
 
[80:00-90:00]
This song features a male voice singing the main melody. Other male voices sing backing vocals in between lines. This is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a simple beat. The bass plays the root notes of the chords. A shaker is played in the background. There are no other instruments in this song. This song can be played in a wildlife movie. 
 
[90:00-100:00]
This song features a male voice singing the main melody. Other male voices sing backing vocals in between lines. This is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a simple beat. The bass plays the root notes of the chords. A shaker plays a melody in the background. There are no other instruments in this song. This song can be played in a wildlife movie. 
 
[100:00-110:00]
This song contains a digital drum playing a melody along with a male voice singing in a higher key. Then another male voice starts rapping with a lot of reverb and a little delay on his voice. This song may be playing in a club. 
 
[110:00-120:00]
This song features a male voice singing the main melody. This is accompanied by programmed percussion playing a simple beat. The bass plays the root notes of the chords. A shaker is played in the background. There are no other instruments in this song. This song can be played in a club. 
 
[120:00-130:00]
This song contains a piano playing a melody in the mid range and also in the higher register. A digital drum is holding a simple groove before breaking into the next part of the song. A male voice is singing in a higher key and then another male voice starts rapping. This song may be playing with headphones while running. 
 
[130:00-140:00]
This is a live performance of a classical music piece. There is a violin playing the main tune. The melody is being played by the cello. There are no other instruments in this piece. The atmosphere is gentle and relaxing. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a drama movie during the scenes where a character is finding a moment of tranquility in the background. 