[0:00-10:00]
The low quality recording features a flat male vocal talking, after which there is a synth melody playing. It sounds mellow, soft and the recording is noisy. 
 
[10:00-20:00]
The low quality recording features a live performance of a folk song and it consists of a flat male vocal singing over sustained strings melody, claps, shimmering hi hats, groovy bass and synth keys melody. It sounds happy and fun, even though the recording is noisy. 
 
[20:00-30:00]
The low quality recording features a R&B song that consists of flat male vocals, alongside background harmonizing vocals, singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, tinny bells melody, synth lead melody and groovy bass. It sounds exciting, energetic and addictive - like something you would hear in clubs. 
 
[30:00-40:00]
The Hip Hop song features a flat male vocal rapping over repetitive, echoing piano melody, claps and punchy kick hits. At the very beginning of the loop, there are stuttering hi hats, sustained synth bass and filtered, pitched up female chant playing. It sounds groovy and addictive - like something you would hear in clubs. 
 
[40:00-50:00]
The Hip Hop song features a flat male vocal rapping over repetitive, echoing piano melody, claps and punchy kick hits. At the very beginning of the loop, there are stuttering hi hats, sustained synth bass and filtered, pitched up female chant playing. It sounds groovy and addictive - thanks to the way rappers are rapping. 
 
[50:00-60:00]
The Hip Hop song features a flat male vocal rapping over repetitive, echoing piano melody, claps and punchy kick hits. At the very beginning of the loop, there are stuttering hi hats, sustained synth bass and filtered, pitched up female chant playing. It sounds groovy and addictive - thanks to the way rappers are rapping. 
 
[60:00-70:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is composed of a hip hop electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in a scene where criminal activities are occurring in a crime movie taking place in a big city. 
 
[70:00-80:00]
The Hip Hop song features a flat male vocal rapping over repetitive, echoing piano melody, claps and punchy kick hits. At the very beginning of the loop, there are stuttering hi hats, sustained synth bass and filtered, pitched up female chant playing. It sounds groovy and addictive - thanks to the way rappers are rapping. 
 
[80:00-90:00]
The low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of a flat male vocal rapping over shimmering hi hats, claps, punchy kick, boomy bass and claps. It sounds energetic and exciting. 
 
[90:00-100:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. A strong bass is playing a rhythmic background. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in the soundtrack of a crime movie where criminal activities are occurring in a crime/noir movie taking place in a big city. 
 
[100:00-110:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is composed of a hip hop electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. 
 
[110:00-120:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is provided by a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie or a TV show. 
 
[120:00-130:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. The rhythmic background consists of a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[130:00-140:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is provided by a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. 
 
[140:00-150:00]
The low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of a flat male vocal rapping over repetitive, echoing piano melody, claps, punchy kick and snare hits. At the very beginning of the loop, there are stuttering hi hats, sustained synth bass and filtered, echoing male vocals singing over it. It sounds groovy and addictive - like something you would hear in clubs. 
 
[150:00-160:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is composed of a hip hop electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[160:00-170:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. The rhythmic background is provided by an electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[170:00-180:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is provided by an electronic drum beat with heavy reverb. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[180:00-190:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is composed of a hip hop electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in a scene where criminal activities are occurring in a crime movie taking place in a big city. 
 
[190:00-200:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. The rhythmic background consists of a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[200:00-210:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is provided by a slow tempo electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[210:00-220:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. The rhythmic background consists of a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[220:00-230:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. The rhythmic background consists of a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[230:00-240:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. The rhythmic background consists of a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[240:00-250:00]
The low quality recording features a pop song that consists of a passionate female vocal, alongside wide harmonizing background vocals, singing over claps, shimmering hi hats, punchy kick, claps and groovy bass. It sounds exciting, energetic and addictive - like something you would hear in clubs. 
 
[250:00-260:00]
The low quality recording features a hip hop song that consists of a passionate male vocal, alongside wide harmonizing background vocals, singing over claps, boomy 808 bass, claps and shimmering hi hats. It sounds addictive, groovy and exciting - like something you would hear in clubs. 
 
[260:00-270:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is composed of a hip hop electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[270:00-280:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. There's a strong bass. The rhythmic background is composed of an electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be playing in a scene where criminal activities are occurring. 
 
[280:00-290:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. The rhythmic background is provided by an electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[290:00-300:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the United Kingdom. 
 
[300:00-310:00]
The Hip Hop song features a flat male vocal rapping over repetitive, echoing piano melody, claps and punchy kick hits. At the very beginning of the loop, there are stuttering hi hats, sustained synth bass and filtered, pitched up female chant playing. It sounds groovy and addictive - thanks to the way rappers are rapping. 
 
[310:00-320:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. An eerie sounding melodic pad is playing the melody. A strong bass is played by the electronic drums. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[320:00-330:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. The rhythmic background is provided by a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[330:00-340:00]
This is a hip-hop music piece. There is a male vocal rapping at the forefront while there are repetitions and ad-libs that can be heard in the background. The rhythmic background consists of a simple electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is unnerving. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a crime movie that takes place in the big city. 
 
[340:00-350:00]
hip hop music featuring a young male rapper over a minimalist beat with only percussion such as cowbell, kick drum, shaker, and triangle. 
 
[350:00-360:00]
The low quality recording features a live performance of a classical song that consists of harmonizing female vocals talking, after which there is a flat male vocal talking. It sounds passionate and the recording is noisy and in mono. 
 
[360:00-370:00]
The low quality recording features a live performance of a classical song that consists of harmonizing female vocals, followed by harmonizing background vocals and wooden percussion. It sounds passionate and the recording is noisy and in mono. 
 
[370:00-380:00]
This clip features the sound of a didgeridoo being played. There are no other instruments in this song. There is no voice in this clip. This is an amateur recording and of poor audio-quality. 
 
